readme.md, before:

# generate memes application

this application is the memes generator,you can :

- upload your files

- after upload your file,your can add the text and styles

- you can see the image update in real time

- you can download your meme after created to yours prefered social medias

- you can see your meme create in the gallery section

## require :

- nodejs

- npm or yarn

## usage :

you must open two terminals to run each cmd line below after clone git repository:

- 1.first: react application

- 2.second: nodejs backend application

```cmd
      #1.first terminal
      git clone https://github.com/UlrichIvan/meme_generator.git

      cd meme_generator

      # if you have yarn run cmd below
      $ yarn install

      # if you have npm run cmd below
      $ npm install

      #2. second terminal
      cd server

      # if you have yarn run cmd below
      $ yarn install

      # if you have npm run cmd below
      $ npm install


```

## run react client app :

```cmd
      #inside the meme_generator folder run the cmd below

      #if you have yarn
      $ yarn run start

      #if you have npm
      $ npm run start
```

## run server app :

```cmd
      #inside the server folder run the cmd below

      #if you have yarn
      $ yarn run start

      #if you have npm
      $ npm run start
```

Commit message:

rename meme_generator folder to frontend folder

readme.md, after:

# generate memes application

this application is the memes generator,you can :

- upload your files

- after upload your file,your can add the text and styles

- you can see the image update in real time

- you can download your meme after created to yours prefered social medias

- you can see your meme create in the gallery section

## require :

- nodejs

- npm or yarn

## usage :

you must open two terminals to run each cmd line below after clone git repository:

- 1.first: react application

- 2.second: nodejs backend application

```cmd
      #1.first terminal
      git clone https://github.com/UlrichIvan/meme_generator.git
      
      # go in the frontend folder since meme_generator folder
      cd meme_generator/frontend

      # if you have yarn run cmd below
      $ yarn install

      # if you have npm run cmd below
      $ npm install

      #2. second terminal
      
      # go in the server folder since meme_generator folder
      cd meme_generator/server

      # if you have yarn run cmd below
      $ yarn install

      # if you have npm run cmd below
      $ npm install


```

## run react client app :

```cmd
      #inside the frontend folder run the cmd below

      #if you have yarn
      $ yarn run start

      #if you have npm
      $ npm run start
```

## run server app :

```cmd
      #inside the server folder run the cmd below

      #if you have yarn
      $ yarn run start

      #if you have npm
      $ npm run start
```
